all right let's not be too hasty here
you're upset you're frustrated and
you've got a gun which you know I'd
really like it if you would put that
away you should have thought of that
before you sent a team to wipe out my
gang I tried telling the board that
going after the Saints was a big mistake
they should have listened to you believe
me right now I am agreeing with you 100%
but you have to look at the positives
you're alive
they're dead and you have the Saints
number one fan
we missed it told ya now pay up where
the fuck were you guys traffic what he's
not joking the roads have been blocked
off you see get out there oh he's fine
you still out there killing cops figures
it's done time to pull out of there
I'm sure see you back home later who you
calling now I'll ride
this is RC